Okay, I want to implement an ai powered navigation drone for dispatch deliveries. These are the listed functionalities
1) The drone is to be for perform deliveries from one point to another the max payload of the delivery is 8kg
2) The entirety of the navigation program of the drone is carried out by AI, such that once the destination is put in, it properly maps the distance, tragectory, weather, probable obstacles and all other necessary variables needed to plan the flight.
3) There would be a mobile application for users to view the progress of their dispatch in real-time.
4) There will also be apis for already existing systems to integrate the drone delivery system in their websites so that their own users can see the delivery in real-time as well.
5) The drone will be able to recalculate estimated time of arrival based on real time changes in flight plan, battery, weather etc and communicated to the intrested parties accordingly.
6) On low battery (once below 30%) or similar fault to the drone the drone will navigate to the nearest warehouse for servicing if it cannot be serviced, the flight plan can be transferred from one drone to another
7) 

Now let me give you a few use cases/user flow in order to shed more light on the project
1) A business wants to use the migrate from using dispatch riders to be delivering products to using the drones as it is faster. The business owner downloads the application and registers as a business. They then proceed to pay the set up fee, which is priced per number of drones that would be assigned to that business, If the business subscribes for three drones, then they can only use up to three drones at any particular time. Their monthly fee at the end of the month would then be calculated by their total drone milage throughout that month. Once all the payment is done and dusted they can then proceed to utilise the drones. Note that no operator in the business comes in contact with the drone, rather they are delivered payload containers which they will be using to put the package that will be delivered (still not more than 8kg). Once the business wants to make a delivery, they order the drone and put in the location details of the customer in the application as well as contact details and the mode of contact. Once the payload container has been properly secured, the drone proceeds to navigate to the customer upon reaching the approximate location of the customer, the drone then initiates a communication line with the customer using the provided means of contact, once the customer provides the OTP given to them from the business, the drone then deploys the payload container which then opens up to release the package. And the drone proceeds to head back to the business. Upon arriving at the business, the drone returns the payload container and then heads back to the warehouse

2) An individual user in lagos (island) wants to send a package to a friend in the mainland. From the app, the user orders a drone to come and pick up the package. While placing the order, the user puts in their location and the friends location as well a the contact information of the friend and the mode of contact (SMS, phone number, whatapp etc).  Once the drone arrives, it will initiate a phone call / or open a text communication platform to the user in order to gain the precise location of the user (note that the drone also has cameras installed so the user can identify themselves by what they are wearing in order for the drone to locate them), the drone does not land, rather it will let down it's payload container for the user to put in the package they wish delivered, the payload container has a weighing system in it where it will calcuate the weight of the package, if the package is above 8kg, it would advise the user to reduce the weight notifying the user that it would not accept the package until it is done. Once the weight of the package is confirmed, the payload container is sealed and retracted back into the drone. The drone then proceeds to navigate to the friends location upon arriving at the friends location, the drone intiates a line of communication with the friend using the contact information provided by the user, once a line of communication is established, the drone proceeds to locate the friend, upon friend location the drone will request for a confirmation OTP sent to the user (The OTP will be generated and given to the user upon payment, the payment is calulated using how long the drone took to reach their destination and any other factors, the user then communicates the OTP to the friend) once that is given, the drone will proceed to deploy the product and head back to the warehouse

3) A large scale delivery business (they already have their website/mobile app etc want to use our drones for deliveries. Since both they and the customers would need to see the progress of the drone and delivery in real time, they would integrate our apis into their system which would then be used to track the drone during deliveries. The business registers on our website and they are provided with the API endpoints as well as their api and secret key, once they top up their wallet on their dashboard they can then automate the drone request and management flow entirely. The pricing would be calculated based on the estimated time of flight and would be debited from the wallet on API call, there will be a request drone api which the business can use to request a drone, the pickup location, pickup contact, destination location and destination contact would be sent along with the request, along with any other necessary data. then there will be a tracking endpoint/webhook (I am not really sure how this will be implemented) which the business can use to get the real time location of the drone and estimated time of arrival as well as any other necessary data. There will be different flight stages (servicing -> calculating route -> launch -> arriving at pick-up -> awaiting payload and package -> navigation to destination -> deploying payload package -> returning to pickup -> off loading payload container -> returning to warehouse -> route complete) which would be updated by the drone itself as the scenatio depends. 


